[music]
our loyalty and share
tejer and tasks
continue the series in hot hot
interview and main demo demo demo as
you feel great you just
won the moon tell a little about this
let's start the game from the end but in principle
at the end how it turned out very complete zero
I do not know how it happened by itself not
apparently he expected from he played like that
as if I typed clean to the public I don't know
it seemed to me but actually
the result was 0 my favor
I'm glad this escort is good but there is
a little more detail you get on
munu you expected us to stay no i
didn't expect just played and hoped
the rival gets caught as easily as possible
be that as it granted the request
read what got with arhat the moon
Basically, I was well pleased
there was no such thing after you
the program plays on you
12 you somehow would not know or
motivation for revenge or vice versa and
somehow a little bit afraid of this match, I did not
I was afraid on the contrary did not want so
win because a little was
upset you i ha I so I lost that
English game but it turned out 2 but I
satisfied
good but now a little bit then
return back as you arrive at
bark how do you feel great great
country through the good weather on the well
my organization, too, nothing too
wandered around the city on the show will be
Interestingly, the city is still like that
it would work out because not
I know something like that so here we went to
play sleep principle cities not bad
not drunk carrying something can hood
nekker's egr well i don't know kirsch
lost 6 you can say no luck
probably well you are already stable in the top 4
next you want to dunk the main thing
sob socke that scorching me here
prompts prompter in your group was
just sat down to the orcs like some low vodka
I saw the toss and the first word
what was it and how was it yesterday
last night I returned to sleep and
turn on the laptop
I go to the site I will remove the type of me is bright
better cooking better pk europe white shark
China knows as well as words such mat
can not be said and the search will not speak
Well, in principle, I thought so, but also
all nafig went to bed wake up and I
replaced by a Turk from an elf but not at home
everything came so bad came played won two
match of three that was just grabbe
Well, in principle, is that no matter how we
let's train him a lot so
I could not than such a specific play
because all my chips knew but the principle
signal standard for such a group
so as soon as possible to come
but apparently did not expect confused lost
ok you still devices finals like
sense he didn't pass no knock down just
For such a file, well, well, and probably what
that last final how are you
so quietly go to bed tonight
early or that you don't know the look
turn out never do plan things
some sort of pride monroe sew not
proper no name no good ok
what thank you wait his main fans
get some effect and
they were running asking for apparently not at all
asked but think by quality time
to himself but oh well thank god
good luck